#fresh_start
You will find a bit about Clapper95 here.

Hello!

I am very new to this industry and would like to say that this whole repo is dedicated to my learning journey. In here, you will find stuff that I used for courses, or stuff that I think would be useful.

I am treating this as my writeups for courses and I am reviewing courses and will tell you if I think it is worth taking. Which you will find that review at the bottom of each writeup that I do.

I am on my journey to get into the cybersecurity field and I would like to share those things with you and notate in this directory that I think you may find useful.

I am more or less learning as I go and following resources to gain insight on real work scenairos.

If you are looking for resources I think would be useful, please find the resourses text file.

I do have some goals set, and if you have a similar goal set, please don't hesitate to poke around.

I am currently on tryhackme.com practicing pentesting and doing their CTFs and I am learning a lot. I would highly suggest(if you are able to) to pay for the subscription as it is very valuable due the learning material provided for the cost of a Youtube premium membership.

I am also on codeacademy and have so far taken the Learn Python 3 course. I would highly suggest taking that course(if you are able to, since it is not a free course) to learn Python or SOME language. They also have a bash course(as does tryhackme) that would teach you the fundamentals of bash scripting.

Goals

1 = I would like to learn more into pentesting and other forms of cybersecurity to see what best suits me. (I will mark this done and report back with where my interests pointed)

2 = I would like to create scripts of commonly used programs to just run with a given set of parameters, rather than typing the whole thing out all the time. (I will mark this done when I get there) (Also if it is marked done, check the EOA repo)

3 = I would like to participate in CTFS and learn from other people that are pentesters in the real world.

This README will be updated regularly to reflect my progress and how far I have come along since the creation of this account.

Thank you for reading and I hope I can provide you with something useful. -Clapper95
